README.md, before:

# Awesome YouTube
> Here is the [playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpjqMwJhmfiGFgobP7obKjBkQr-B77Asr&feature=shared).

1. [ $456,000 Squid Game In Real Life! ](https://youtu.be/0e3GPea1Tyg)
1. [ 12 Principles of Animation (Official Full Series) ](https://youtu.be/uDqjIdI4bF4)
1. [ A Brief History of Graphics ](https://youtu.be/QyjyWUrHsFc)
1. [ Backyard Squirrel Maze 1.0- Ninja Warrior Course ](https://youtu.be/hFZFjoX2cGg)
1. [ Can We Make This Button Fun To Press? ](https://youtu.be/7L1B5YaxxoA)
1. [ Coding Adventure: Chess ](https://youtu.be/U4ogK0MIzqk)
1. [ Evolution of Dance ](https://youtu.be/dMH0bHeiRNg)
1. [ Exposing The Flaw In Our Phone System ](https://youtu.be/wVyu7NB7W6Y)
1. [ Google — Year in Search 2024 ](https://youtu.be/61JHONRXhjs)
1. [ history of the entire world, i guess ](https://youtu.be/xuCn8ux2gbs)
1. [ How do bulletproof vests work? - Max G. Levy ](https://youtu.be/HsaSaYcnTKg)
1. [ How do Video Game Graphics Work? ](https://youtu.be/C8YtdC8mxTU)
1. [ How Filmmakers Make Cameras Disappear \| Mirrors in Movies ](https://youtu.be/VASwKZAUVSo)
1. [ I Gave My Goldfish $50,000 to Trade Stocks ](https://youtu.be/USKD3vPD6ZA)
1. [ I Made a Graph of Wikipedia... This Is What I Found ](https://youtu.be/JheGL6uSF-4)
1. [ In Search Of A Flat Earth ](https://youtu.be/JTfhYyTuT44)
1. [ Is it Better to Walk or Run in the Rain? ](https://youtu.be/3MqYE2UuN24)
1. [ I Spent 1 YEAR Remaking Super Mario World In 3D! ](https://youtu.be/A3WAoaWp0vs)
1. [ Jackie Chan - How to Do Action Comedy ](https://youtu.be/Z1PCtIaM_GQ)
1. [ Laughing Matters \| Comedy Documentary \| Earful #Comedy ](https://youtu.be/lqKqVrBP-so)
1. [ Life in a Day 2020 \| Official Documentary ](https://youtu.be/vcsSc2iksC0)
1. [ Mr. Bean Is A Master Of Physical Comedy ](https://youtu.be/uBUnmdd5-iA)
1. [ Random CS:GO Bullshittery (part 1) ](https://youtu.be/IQ2ofp7bjxw)
1. [ Real Life Trick Shots \| Dude Perfect ](https://youtu.be/A2FsgKoGD04)
1. [ The Backwards Brain Bicycle - Smarter Every Day 133 ](https://youtu.be/MFzDaBzBlL0)
1. [ The Beauty of Bézier Curves ](https://youtu.be/aVwxzDHniEw)
1. [ The Evolution of Dance - 1950 to 2019 - By Ricardo Walker's Crew ](https://youtu.be/p-rSdt0aFuw)
1. [ The Logistics of a Presidential Campaign ](https://youtu.be/Aj8lwyWKpa4)
1. [ The Map of Mathematics ](https://youtu.be/OmJ-4B-mS-Y)
1. [ The Mother of All Demos, presented by Douglas Engelbart (1968) ](https://youtu.be/yJDv-zdhzMY)
1. [ The Real Reason Robots Shouldn’t Look Like Humans ](https://youtu.be/eLVAMG_3fLg)
1. [ The Rules for Rulers ](https://youtu.be/rStL7niR7gs)
1. [ The Simple Solution to Traffic ](https://youtu.be/iHzzSao6ypE)
1. [ This is Financial Advice ](https://youtu.be/5pYeoZaoWrA)
1. [ This Video Has 71,695,937 Views ](https://youtu.be/BxV14h0kFs0)
1. [ VFX Artist Reveals the True Scale of Minecraft ](https://youtu.be/juQASG4Jy-E)
1. [ What If Everyone JUMPED At Once? ](https://youtu.be/jHbyQ_AQP8c)
1. [ What To Do If Your Parachute Fails ](https://youtu.be/dy5xLVx2NGY)
1. [ Why Democracy Is Mathematically Impossible ](https://youtu.be/qf7ws2DF-zk)
1. [ Why Don't Snakes Poison Themselves? ](https://youtu.be/EzoqvBZe_gI)
1. [ Why Electronic Voting Is Still A Bad Idea ](https://youtu.be/LkH2r-sNjQs)
1. [  Why Haven't We Cured Cancer?  ](https://youtu.be/-kO8Ou8hffU)
1. [ Why US elections only give you two choices ](https://youtu.be/bqWwV3xk9Qk)
1. ~~[ Mythbusters Demo GPU versus CPU ](https://youtu.be/-P28LKWTzrI)~~

Commit message:

Add I Tried To Make Something In America (The Smarter Scrubber Experiment) - Smarter Every Day 308

README.md, after:

# Awesome YouTube
> Here is the [playlist](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpjqMwJhmfiGFgobP7obKjBkQr-B77Asr&feature=shared).

1. [ $456,000 Squid Game In Real Life! ](https://youtu.be/0e3GPea1Tyg)
1. [ 12 Principles of Animation (Official Full Series) ](https://youtu.be/uDqjIdI4bF4)
1. [ A Brief History of Graphics ](https://youtu.be/QyjyWUrHsFc)
1. [ Backyard Squirrel Maze 1.0- Ninja Warrior Course ](https://youtu.be/hFZFjoX2cGg)
1. [ Can We Make This Button Fun To Press? ](https://youtu.be/7L1B5YaxxoA)
1. [ Coding Adventure: Chess ](https://youtu.be/U4ogK0MIzqk)
1. [ Evolution of Dance ](https://youtu.be/dMH0bHeiRNg)
1. [ Exposing The Flaw In Our Phone System ](https://youtu.be/wVyu7NB7W6Y)
1. [ Google — Year in Search 2024 ](https://youtu.be/61JHONRXhjs)
1. [ history of the entire world, i guess ](https://youtu.be/xuCn8ux2gbs)
1. [ How do bulletproof vests work? - Max G. Levy ](https://youtu.be/HsaSaYcnTKg)
1. [ How do Video Game Graphics Work? ](https://youtu.be/C8YtdC8mxTU)
1. [ How Filmmakers Make Cameras Disappear \| Mirrors in Movies ](https://youtu.be/VASwKZAUVSo)
1. [ I Gave My Goldfish $50,000 to Trade Stocks ](https://youtu.be/USKD3vPD6ZA)
1. [ I Made a Graph of Wikipedia... This Is What I Found ](https://youtu.be/JheGL6uSF-4)
1. [ In Search Of A Flat Earth ](https://youtu.be/JTfhYyTuT44)
1. [ Is it Better to Walk or Run in the Rain? ](https://youtu.be/3MqYE2UuN24)
1. [ I Spent 1 YEAR Remaking Super Mario World In 3D! ](https://youtu.be/A3WAoaWp0vs)
1. [ I Tried To Make Something In America (The Smarter Scrubber Experiment) - Smarter Every Day 308 ](https://youtu.be/3ZTGwcHQfLY)
1. [ Jackie Chan - How to Do Action Comedy ](https://youtu.be/Z1PCtIaM_GQ)
1. [ Laughing Matters \| Comedy Documentary \| Earful #Comedy ](https://youtu.be/lqKqVrBP-so)
1. [ Life in a Day 2020 \| Official Documentary ](https://youtu.be/vcsSc2iksC0)
1. [ Mr. Bean Is A Master Of Physical Comedy ](https://youtu.be/uBUnmdd5-iA)
1. [ Random CS:GO Bullshittery (part 1) ](https://youtu.be/IQ2ofp7bjxw)
1. [ Real Life Trick Shots \| Dude Perfect ](https://youtu.be/A2FsgKoGD04)
1. [ The Backwards Brain Bicycle - Smarter Every Day 133 ](https://youtu.be/MFzDaBzBlL0)
1. [ The Beauty of Bézier Curves ](https://youtu.be/aVwxzDHniEw)
1. [ The Evolution of Dance - 1950 to 2019 - By Ricardo Walker's Crew ](https://youtu.be/p-rSdt0aFuw)
1. [ The Logistics of a Presidential Campaign ](https://youtu.be/Aj8lwyWKpa4)
1. [ The Map of Mathematics ](https://youtu.be/OmJ-4B-mS-Y)
1. [ The Mother of All Demos, presented by Douglas Engelbart (1968) ](https://youtu.be/yJDv-zdhzMY)
1. [ The Real Reason Robots Shouldn’t Look Like Humans ](https://youtu.be/eLVAMG_3fLg)
1. [ The Rules for Rulers ](https://youtu.be/rStL7niR7gs)
1. [ The Simple Solution to Traffic ](https://youtu.be/iHzzSao6ypE)
1. [ This is Financial Advice ](https://youtu.be/5pYeoZaoWrA)
1. [ This Video Has 71,695,937 Views ](https://youtu.be/BxV14h0kFs0)
1. [ VFX Artist Reveals the True Scale of Minecraft ](https://youtu.be/juQASG4Jy-E)
1. [ What If Everyone JUMPED At Once? ](https://youtu.be/jHbyQ_AQP8c)
1. [ What To Do If Your Parachute Fails ](https://youtu.be/dy5xLVx2NGY)
1. [ Why Democracy Is Mathematically Impossible ](https://youtu.be/qf7ws2DF-zk)
1. [ Why Don't Snakes Poison Themselves? ](https://youtu.be/EzoqvBZe_gI)
1. [ Why Electronic Voting Is Still A Bad Idea ](https://youtu.be/LkH2r-sNjQs)
1. [  Why Haven't We Cured Cancer?  ](https://youtu.be/-kO8Ou8hffU)
1. [ Why US elections only give you two choices ](https://youtu.be/bqWwV3xk9Qk)
1. ~~[ Mythbusters Demo GPU versus CPU ](https://youtu.be/-P28LKWTzrI)~~
